hello this is Blaine partner with
partner electric and what I have in
front of me here is a 440 fan stator
from the early nineties here these were
used in several models you'd have to
check and see which one's the decor
linked to and were used in but this
model here we'll just take a look at the
state or itself first we've got our
three lighting coils we've got one two
three and they're always indicated the
largest the largest gauge wire on the
stator itself those are your lighting
coils so this one has three large ones
and then our other two coils on here
stacked horizontally these are ignition
coils our bottom one here is our
low-speed coil and then this is our
high-speed coil on top so the way we
check this for ohms is well we take a
look at our plugs here first we've got
basically two plugs and this is a
ignition ground plug here but this is
our plug that goes into our this is the
plug that plugs into the wiring harness
and the two wires two yellow wires here
coming off those are your power and
those are from your lighting coil those
power your hand warmers your lights your
gauges and so forth and then we've got
our ground wire and then we've got our
common wire here that runs and that's
for ignition for shutting ignition off
here so and then our other plug is our
three prong plug and that is for our
ignition coils here this goes to the CDI
box this plug here this four prong this
is the one that you can jumper you can
use the jumper wire on and bypass your
gages wiring harness and an ignition
switch and so forth all you do is just
put a wire it looks like a shoehorn just
jump it from the tune on yellow wire so
our two yellow wire connectors are these
two female here so you just want to go
from the ground wire to this common wire
here and basically that's your key put a
wire in it hooks the two loops the two
together and you've got connection and
then when you unplug it that's basic
your key or losing connection you can
shut the sled off so so that's our plug
there what we can do is we can just
check our lighting coil first of all
our lighting coil with the large gauge
wire basically you're just looking for
continuity it's going to be very low
ohms usually under one ohm so I know
this unit here most of these in this
style it doesn't matter if you use
negative or positive when you check
these most of the ignition or I'm sorry
the lighting coils whether it be this
model or even other models like 0.5 0.4
you know just looking for continuity so
on my multimeter I just have it on the
lot on the lowest setting and minus 200
right there on the 200 setting point 5
ohms so that's all we're looking for is
continuity you can check continuity
between our plug on this side and our
plug this side then we same thing like
0.4 ohms or so and helps when you get a
good connection there we go
point 4 ohms 0.3 ohms once again doesn't
matter positive negative leads that
you're using now on the ignition coils
here now we've come to our three prong I
you can go by wire colors sometimes in
checking these but I go by plug
orientation just because I've run into
issues with plug wire color not
correlating people have spliced wires in
you know just goofy things so I just go
by plug orientation we put our female on
the bottom here we put our two males on
the top so the first thing we'll check
is our low-speed coil and our low-speed
coil is going to be checked between the
two male connectors here and it's going
to give us roughly one hundred and fifty
five ohms got one hundred fifty six
point six so that's our low-speed coil
and you'll notice like this coil is
fewer ohms then the like a 580 or 700
and that's you know it's a smaller this
this was for 440 fan so we've got our
low speed and now we can check our high
speed which is our female plug on the
bottom there to the top left and top
left gives us the seventeen point four
you know in that
ballpark so that's that's good for ohms
most of these old style Staters from the
early 90s with the horizontal ignition
coils on them they're in that ballpark
15 to 17 maybe 18 so you you don't
necessarily have to look up the exact
specs all the time and then our last
reading is going to be the two coils in
series and that is those two or added
together are 155 then our 17 there so in
series 173 and some change point six
point seven so now we know that our
ignition coils if you're checking this
on a sled or even out of a sled our
ignition coils ohm out okay our lighting
coil ohms out okay and are a little
common wire here running back and forth
is okay this little common wire just if
you tick the sheath off here it just
goes down it comes right back up it
doesn't go down to the stator for
anything for any connections so so in
this particular state if you checked it
you'd say yeah this is good you know
there's always that small chance there's
a little bit of a short somewhere that
isn't quite showing up yet when you
check it cold and it may only show up
when it's warm so you just have to watch
for those issues you know check for
connections make sure all the
connections are tight you know there's
nothing clipped or chipped anywhere I've
seen sleds before you can't find an
issue at all and all of a sudden you
look real close and the wire will
actually be like cut through right at
the plug and just you'll never you'd
never see it you don't move the plug
enough to see the wire move you know you
some issues like that I've seen before
it just you almost start pulling your
hair out because something is just not
right with it so but at least if you
measure it my 's you know if you
measured it and it gave you you know
zero if it didn't show anything then you
know while my issue is somewhere in here
so you just check your wires and you
know look for loose broken wires so but
that's how you check this particular
stator and those are the own values on
readings thank you